Hey everyone, just wanted to say a huge thanks to Youtube for this paid partnership and letting us be a part of Youtube Adblitz 2018!
Yeah, Youtube asked us to create a playlist of our favorite comedy and big game related videos, including the one you're about to watch
Make sure you check out all the other videos in the playlist by heading over to the Youtube Adblitz channel.
Hope you enjoy our video!
Hi everybody, I'm Bruce Chang and this is Jim Moore we're coming to you live
from the biggest game of the season. Today is the day you've all been waiting for!
Jim: That's right Bruce, tension
is high on both sides as bitter rivals duke it out in a game for the ages, but we're not talking
about what's on television.
Bruce: Oh, you said it Jim, we're talking about the house party. Now,
these partygoers can't seem to agree on anything, but there can
only be one winner today, just like there is only one way to cut a sandwich.
Jim voiceover: And here comes Brenda with the pick
Bruce voiceover: She prepares for the slice...
Jim: looks like she's going down the middle, no! She went with the slant route!
Bruce: Brenda
likes her sandwiches cut in triangles and Taylor is not happy about it. To be honest, neither am I.
Jim: Why is that, Bruce?
Bruce: Triangles are flimsy at the corners and have a higher crust, too. No question.
You have bad taste and are a liar, Bruce
Jim voiceover: Basic trigonometry shows that if you cut in triangles it results in 41% more bread without crust.
What a nerd!
Okay, we have some more activity on the field, and by the looks of it, Drew just drizzled ketchup
across the entire plate of French fries
What a monster.
Jim voiceover: I'd have to begrudgingly agree with you there, Bruce.
Dipping ensures that you get equal ketchup coverage on each fry and keeps your fingers clean.
I guess fans of the drizzle just like taking chances.
Jim: Let's take a moment to talk with our reporter on the field, Diane.
Thanks, Jim. Behind
me, two partygoers are bickering over an order of chicken wings. Min-Soo requested an order without drumsticks. Min-Soo, a few words?
Wings have higher quality meat. That's a fact.
Brenda: It's too much work. Now I have to wash -both- of my hands.
You barbarian.
Seems like Brenda doesn't have an
issue with the sides of the wings, it's more about this area right here. She can't seem to get to the meat in the middle.
Apparently she hasn't had the proper training. Back to you.
Simultaneously: Thanks, Diane.
Jim: Thanks. Diane.
What looks as though there's a flagrant foul on the field.
Bruce: No, no, no, a
fragrant foul.
Jim: Well what's all the commotion about, Bruce?
Bruce: There's a turnover in the bathroom.
Yep. Taylor flipped the toilet paper roll around
so that it dispenses from under. I mean, if he were at his home state then that'd be one thing, but at an away game?
Jim voiceover: Rookie mistake. Let's see if we can get a better angle on that.
Ooh, so close!
Bruce voiceover: His hand is only an inch from that wall, that is practically unsanitary.
Jim: Yeah, I don't know how
Johnson could go for two after that. What a shame. He's been on a hot streak since the first quarter.
Well if anyone can hold it it's him - he's the best tight end in the division.
Anyway, back in the kitchen things are heating up as Min-Soo and Mary are cooling down with
some vanilla cones.
Bruce voiceover: Ooh, Mary is a biter and Min-Soo's doing some aggressive gesturing, but Mary
isn't budging.
Jim voiceover: Mary is one tough cookie dough, Bruce.
Personally, I never quite get enough ice cream from licking - it always ends up getting pushed away.
Well you obviously lack the proper tongue cuppage technique.
Jim: Please don't talk about my tongue on-air, Bruce.
Bruce voiceover: Speaking of cups, Johnson is putting away dishes and he placed a cup facing -down-.
Drew is beet red, Jim.
Jim voiceover: Yeah, lucky for us Drew's miked up, let's listen in.
Drew: T-that's disgusting.
T-the rim is touching the surface, it's like putting your lips on the cabinet.
Johnson: Oh, you'd rather it face up?
To collect dust.
Drew: Dust? How often are you using cups?
Johnson: Face down, Dusty.
Drew: Face up, cabinet licker.
Bruce: Well today was far from disappointing to say the least - it was a mash-up for the ages.
Jim voiceover: Two sides with long histories, strong convictions, and an unwillingness to be
persuaded. These rivalries will rage on until the end of time.
Bruce: You're right, there, Jim. There seems to be nothing these two can agree on.
*doorbell ring*
So sorry I'm late. Let's... I brought pizza!
*multiple gasps*
Get out.
I know we made the video but I actually like pineapple on pizza.
Taylor: Phil you're
gonna upset so many people.
Phil: And I bet we just lost like, so many subscribers just, no don't go!
No, stay! There's no way we're gonna settle all these rivalries right now.
We just hope that you guys have a much more peaceful game day.
Yes, and thanks Youtube for letting us be a part of Youtube Adblitz 2018.
You can click the links to check out the Adblitz channel
And watch the playlist of comedy content for the big game.
Taylor: Be sure to check them out!
We'll see you guys next time, subscribe for pineapple and subscribe for no pineapple.
Later!